so instead okay
won't stick okay
you okay
oh my nasal a movie oh my syringe oh
there goes her syringe didn't I move
this time okay Oh
Oh
I'm gonna stick okay
you okay he's doing like not really
I'm just glad you're not you're over I'm
over noodles dark villain know every
dead will have to give you a little bit
more the last time didn't I just give
you one injection I mean do it one time
I think so oh yeah well for a little
while probably already trying to swell
but I can still feel ya you will for a
little while if you still feel it when I
leave you for a few minutes and come
back then when I find out to give you a
little bit more
not quite yet
I'm not rosemary are witnesses oh you
know what you won't need it he'll use
the app the office too